README.md, before:

# Daily todo

![](images/1.png)

📜 Manage the tasks you want to do every day easily

# Installation

## Arch

dtodo is in the AUR :)

```
yay -S dtodo
```

## Other distros

clone this repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/SkwalExe/dtodo.git
```

run make

```bash
# 📂 dtodo
make
```

# Usage

![](images/usage.png)

# Uninstall

## Arch

```bash
yay -R dtodo
```

## Other distros

```bash
# 📂 dtodo
make uninstall
```

# Skwaltributors

<a href="https://github.com/SkwalExe/dtodo/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=SkwalExe/dtodo" />
</a>

# Docker 🐳

### Build 🛠️

```bash
# 📂 dtodo/
docker build -t dtodo .
```

### Run 🏃

```
docker run --rm -it dtodo

skwal@2de4d04723e4:/$ dtodo [OPTIONS]
```

# final

If you have any problem, don't hesitate to open an issue

# contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

<a href="https://github.com/SkwalExe#ukraine"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SkwalExe/SkwalExe/main/ukraine.jpg" width="100%" height="15px" /></a>

Commit message:

add installation instructions for windows

README.md, after:

# Daily todo

![](images/1.png)

📜 Manage the tasks you want to do every day easily

# Installation

## Arch 🐧

dtodo is in the AUR :)

```
yay -S dtodo
```

## Other distros 🐧

clone this repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/SkwalExe/dtodo.git
```

run make

```bash
# 📂 dtodo
make
```

# Windows 🪟

Since this is a bash script, you normally can't run it directly on windows.

You will have to install [Git Bash](https://git-scm.com/download/win) and follow the instructions for [Other distros](#other-distros).

# Usage

![](images/usage.png)

# Uninstall

## Arch 🐧

```bash
yay -R dtodo
```

## Other distros 🐧

```bash
# 📂 dtodo
make uninstall
```

# Skwaltributors

<a href="https://github.com/SkwalExe/dtodo/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=SkwalExe/dtodo" />
</a>

# Docker 🐳

### Build 🛠️

```bash
# 📂 dtodo/
docker build -t dtodo .
```

### Run 🏃

```
docker run --rm -it dtodo

skwal@2de4d04723e4:/$ dtodo [OPTIONS]
```

# final

If you have any problem, don't hesitate to open an issue

# contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

<a href="https://github.com/SkwalExe#ukraine"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SkwalExe/SkwalExe/main/ukraine.jpg" width="100%" height="15px" /></a>
